Global tech defense system in a secret
lab the world's most advanced military
microprocessor has been created but the
Cold War is over the global tech to
survive new markets must be found
now all that power has been placed into
the brain of a fighting machine unlike
any known to man
they made it strong they made it clever
they made it small
they made a mistake
major chip hazard reporting for duty sir
Wow we're separated commandos tell now
so dad Rick Masuka ready to spring into
action which meat hoop prepare to go to
distance Nick nitro demolition can kill
again sharpest eraser you are the best
of the best part man play systems I'm
having trouble with the commando elite
it's like they're alive let's roll the
barber we got us a war to win the few we
have met the enemy is big he is fat dare
the prowl he has revealed a weakness
Owen please you have to help major chip
hazard wants a war we'll give a low for
the small who you callin small this
summer babes at 12 o'clock join the
commando elite gentlemen
those are reinforcements no attack no
mercy
all soldiers Oh bazooka report it's just
a flesh wound sir have to be crazy not
to be scared